1. Introduce yourself / Tell me about yourself!

ans:first of all, thank you for selecting me for further rounds and giving me a
chance to introduce myself.Hi, I am Niraj Kumar from Motihari, Bihar but currently
live in Patna.I completed my graduation stream of arts in 2019 at Brabu university. 
In college, I met a friend and saw his project. Then I got interested in this field.
After some time I joined Masai where I spent 1000+ hours in coding and 600+ hours in
problem-solving.If I talk about my family, a total of 6 members are in my family, 
my father Mr. Raju prasad is a farmer, my mom miss mina Devi is a homemaker and I 
have two younger brothers and a grandma.My hobby is travelling.


2. What are your greatest strengths and your weaknesses?
Ans:
 I am a very optimistic type of person. And I believe that even a negative situation 
 can be easily handled with a positive approach.I am a proactive person.And I take responsibility for the work.


3. What are your career Objectives?/Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?
Ans:After 5 years, I want to see myself in a respectable position and I want to become
 a part of the success of your company. And also I want to be in that position where I'll 
 grow myself with more skill sets and experience. It will help the company to grow further.

4. Why should we hire you? / Why do you think you are eligible for this job?

Ans:As per mentioned in the job description I have relevant skills.
I have also worked tirelessly on my communication abilities and teamwork skills,
 which I will put to use in my future career.If I channel them further, they will 
 bring fruitful results to me and also to your organisation.


5. What is your greatest personal/professional achievement so far?

Ans:My greatest achievement was completing my Fullstack web development course in 8 months.
 I did not know anything about this field, i was an art student. When I joined Masai, 
 This taught me relevant Skills , prioritised my time, built great habits and stayed focused on my goals. 
 I feel that what I learned is going to give me a big advantage in my career now.

6. Tell me about a team project you were involved in. What was your role, and what was the outcome?

Ans:In Masai, we have a constructed week at the end of each unit. where we get the project to clone the website.
 Recently I worked on a project called Tripoto. Tripoto is India's largest travelling community website. 
 In my team there are 4 members. We use tech-stack node js, MongoDB , react , chakra ui, and CSS.
I created  the backend for this project and also the Singapore page which is responsive.




7. What are your salary expectations?
Ans : I cleared all interview rounds with good reviews and I also have relevant skills which are mentioned in the job description. 
so I expect it according to market standards for this role.


8. Do you have any questions for us?
Ans: I am curious to know what the upcoming goal is.
    What is the scope for this role in your organisation?


9.is there any location preference ?
Ans  no, I don’t have any location preference. I love travelling to other parts of the country. so I am flexible..
